Viewing a diff between two versions of a file helped me to see a bug
by showing me what the differences were between the two files.  
This used the efficiency of a computer to do something that would have 
otherwise taken me a longer time to do.  Mistakes are made, typos happen
and once we accept that we can maximize technology and our time.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you more
efficient programmer in the long term?

Easy access to the entire history of a file would make me more efficient 
as a programmer because I wouldn't need to manually search through a document
to find a bug.  I wouldn't have to manually recreate files and rename them
periodically to keep versions.  Having the history of a file would make it 
easy to rollback a change that didn't work.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a 
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

A pro for manually choosing commits is the fact that commits are more precise and 
are done at a very appropriate time when done correctly.  A con for manually
choosing commits is the user might make mistakes commiting too early or too late.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files
in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Saving multiple files with one commit is useful when coding because logical changes
often occur over multiple files.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

git log is used to view the change log of your files.  git diff is used to compare two
versions of your files.  it shows what was added and deleted in the files in your
repository.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
version control would make me more confident in making changes because I would know 
that I could just checkout an earlier version and locate my bug if anything broke.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using git for?

I would like to use git for everything.  I'm trying to learn web dev. and would like to 
use git to keep track of my html and css and js files.  I would also use it for any programming 
adventures I get myself into.  This would have been wonderful for school.