When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

You would want to use a remote repository to collaborate with other developers or when
working on different machines in different locations (work and home).  

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically
stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

You wouldn't want to be interrupted with new additions when you are working on something
everytime Git decides to pull from the remote repository.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When wouldyou use one
instead of another?

Forks are when you want to clone someone else's repository on Github to your own GitHub.  This 
way you have your own set of files that you can share, manage, and modify.  Cloning is similar
to forking in that you are making exact copies of a repository, except you are getting files from
a remote onto your computer or making a copy from the files on your own computer. Branches are
when you make changes to a repository and want to go experiment with out modifying or braking the 
master branch.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

The benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally is being able to 
work with the latest collaborated copy of the files.  This will hopefully create less conflict down
the line.

How would you collaborate without using git or github? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

Well, in college, when we did group projects we usually collaborated via Google Docs.  That worked
well enough with the Google Docs files and their platform.  Their platfom was limited and lacked the
formatting tools that could have been used in Microsoft Word.  We also emailed files back and forth when
we were only working on one paper.  Git and git hub would be a lot more useful after the learning curve.
It would've been too time consuming and stressful to convince my peers to use git and git hub if they weren't
familiar or willing to invest the time.
