How is the staging area different from the working directory and the
repository? What value do you think it offers?

The staging area is a temporary container that lies between the working directory
 and the repository.  The working directory is broad and holds everything 
that you are working on and the repository holds only the important 
items that you need to keep track of.  The staging area allows you 
to add things that you're about ready to commit to the respository.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

You can use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change by using git diff --stage (--staging)?
to review the changes before we commit it to the repository.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

Branches would be helpful when trying to experiment with new things rather than messing with the master branch.
Branches help to keep things organized because you are creating new 
paths rather than needing to jump around on one path.

How do the diagrams help you to visualize the branch structure?

The diagrams help to map out what is reachable and what isn't.  It helps us 
see the changes that were made and what those changes affect.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

when we merge two branches, it combines the code in the files and orders them according to
when they were commited.  We represent merges in the diagram the way we do because we are
combining multiple branches into one and it helps us know what is reachable.

What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

The pros of automatic merging is that it is quick and gets the job done well when it
works.  A con of automatic merging is that conflicts can occur that breaks the entire
program and needs to be revised manually to resolve conflicts.  A pro of always doing 
merges manually will result in code that works well most if not all of the time.  How-
ever, this is very tedious and time consuming; a task suitable for a program to do.